# Implement Multiple Template Matching Methods

In this sub-challenge, participants will implement various template matching methods provided by OpenCV to locate the template within the source image. Different methods might yield different results, and it is essential to compare these results to find the most suitable method for the given task.

## TODO:

Please complete the `perform_template_matching` function in the file `/home/labex/project/perform_template_matching.py`.
You can use the image files `"gray_source.jpg"` and `"gray_template.jpg"` generated by your last sub-challenge to test whether your code is reliable.

1. Implement three different template matching methods using OpenCV's `matchTemplate()` function.
2. The three methods requested are `cv2.TM_SQDIFF_NORMED`, `cv2.TM_CCOEFF_NORMED`, and `cv2.TM_CCORR_NORMED`.
3. Find the location of the best match for each method using OpenCV's `minMaxLoc()` function.
4. Please output a dictionary whose keys are the names of the three methods and whose values are a tuple. There are two values in the tuple, which are the best score for the method and the coordinate of the upper left corner corresponding to the best score.

Example output:

```python
{
'cv2.TM_SQDIFF_NORMED': (0.00032246112181805074, (150, 80)),
'cv2.TM_CCOEFF_NORMED': (0.9952247624397278, (150, 80)),
'cv2.TM_CCORR_NORMED': (0.989785304069519, (150, 80))
}
```

## Tips

1. For the `cv2.TM_SQDIFF_NORMED` method, the lower the score, the better.
2. `TM_CCOEFF_NORMED`, `cv2.TM_CCORR_NORMED` methods, the higher the score, the better.
